(DOCSP-39535): Consolidate Manage Sync Subscriptions page (#3320)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/swift/sync/manage-sync-subscriptions-find-subscription-description.rst

To find a specific subscription by name, call the 
:swift-sdk:`subscriptions.first(named: )
<Structs/SyncSubscriptionSet.html#/s:10RealmSwift19SyncSubscriptionSetV5first5namedAA0cD0VSgSS_tF>`
method with the name of a subscription.

You can also find a subscription matching a specific query by calling one of

> the variants of :kotlin-sync-sdk:`subscriptions.first(ofType: where:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the variants of :swift-sdk:`subscriptions.first(ofType: where:)
```
